#summary How to play the game

= Instructions =

== Introduction ==
Pitta pitta patta is a speed card game.

Your objective is to put out as many cards as possible.

== Card layout ==

{{{
+--+     +--+  +--+  +--+
|  |     |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |     |  |  |  |  |  |
+--+     +--+  +--+  +--+
 a         b     c     d

  +--+     +--+
  |  |     |  |
  |  |     |  |
  +--+     +--+
   e         f
}}}

|| _Key_     || _Name_       || _What_ ||
|| a         || Home pile    || This is your main stack of 13 cards. ||
|| b, c, d   || Cell slots   || These are filled from your main stack. ||
|| e         || Hand         || The cards in your hand. ||
|| f         || Discard pile || Cards taken from your hand and discarded. ||

== Location ==

{{{
|-------------|    |-------------|
|  Computer 1 |    |  Computer 2 |
|-------------|    |-------------|

|-------------|    |-------------|
|   * You *   |    |  Computer 3 |
|-------------|    |-------------|
}}}

You are always located on the lower left corner of the screen.

== Endgame ==

The game ends when a player has rid themselves of all 13 of their home pile cards.

== Valid moves ==

To start, place an ace on one of the shaded squares in the middle.

A two of the opposite color can then be placed on the ace.

A three of the opposite color of the two can then be placed on the two, and so on.

== Variations ==

There are four main variations:
  # "Same Color" -- instead of placing cards of opposite color on top of each other, place cards of the same color on top of each other.
  # "Same Suit" -- instead of placing cards of opposite color on top of each other, place cards of the same suit on top of each other.
  # "Backwards" -- instead of starting with an ace, start with a king and proceed downwards.

== Controls ==
  * Left click on a card to select it, then left click on a destination to move it there.
  * Press space bar to deal cards into your hand.
  * Press escape to pause or unpause the game.





